
	files utility   --   Main menu

  Buttons

  1:Set Directory   -  If you have selected a single entry which is
                       a directory, it becomes the new current
                       directory.  If no entries are selected, a new
                       menu appears, giving you choices for selecting
                       a new current directory.  Otherwise, an error
                       is reported and any selections are deselected.
                       Directories have a '/' in front of their
                       names.

  2:File Info       -  Presents a new menu which allows you to
                       obtain a list of the files in your current
                       directory, sorted by size or date of
                       modification.

  3:Tape            -  Presents a new menu which lets you read and
                       write streaming tapes.

  4:Load            -  If you have selected an entry which has Varian
                       NMR data, including data from a Gemini, VXR or
                       XL system, that data set is loaded into the
		       current experiment. The data can also be tar
		       files (*.tar) or compressed tar files (*.tar.Z).
		       JEOL data (not phase-sensitive 2D) will be converted
		       automatically.

  5:Data            -  Presents a new menu with choices for
                       accessing NMR data and releated files.

  6:Delete          -  Deletes each entry which you have selected,
                       including subdirectories and their contents.

  7:More            -  Presents a new menu with additional options

  8:Return          -  Leave the files program.


  Buttons 2, 3, 5 and 7 each display a new menu.  Button 1 will show a
  new menu if you have not selected any entries.
 

  The displayed file names can be selected by clicking the left mouse
  button on the file name.  The filename will be in reverse video when
  selected.  To deselect a file name, click on it again.


  Mouse

  Left Button - marks files

  Notes - To mark a file, place mouse cursor over the filename and
	  click the left mouse button.
